Welcome little wretch...
I am Amayon, prince of flies and keeper of hearts!
I have summoned you here to help me in tasks of great importance.
This undertaking is so important...
That I am willing to return your heart back to you..
That is if you should succeed!
Do what I ask, and you might soon be whole again.
Can you imagine?
It's really quite a pleasent thought isn't it?!
But sadly I cannot do this for free.
I'm just not that nice a demon.
You must venture forth from here and collect the tome of easy themes...
I know what you are thinking...
And yes fetch quests are pretty generic...
But that's life!
Come back to me when you have it!

Ah you've returned with my book! Splendid!
Give me moment, I just have tocheck something...
*mumbles to self*
... Hmm, it's definitely not in here... Well this is going to be difficult...
Right! We have somewhat of a change of plans. Seems like the book you gave me does not have what I was looking for!
It's not your fault, but it means that we have are going to have to change it up a little.
I have another task for you!
If you travel ahead you will find a small clan of skeletons. They are really quite awful.
All they seem to do, is loiter around and listen to ganster rap.
I want you to kill them all for me.
Now be gone! And don't come back until it's done.

Back so soon? You must have really gone to town on those skeletons!
You really are proving to be quite a wonderful little helper.
I'm almost going to be sorry to part ways with you...
But a deal is a deal, and I have my reputation to think of!
So I have one last job for you to do. It will be your piece de resistance. Your magnum opus!
One of my fellow demons has encroached on my domain. I have warned him before, but he is a savage brute that just does not listen.
This is in direct violation of 10 millenia old pact. And to be brutally honest, he smells badly of rotting meat so he has to go.
Do this last task and I will return to you the heart that you lost!
Now go!

Amazing! I never thought you would actually do it!
You took so little convincing it almost felt like cheating!
It looks like our little journey together has come to an end.
I know it was short, but to be honest, you are lucky we got to this point at all!
Now then... I'm a demon of my word, and you have more than earned your heart back.
*gives back heart*
That wasn't a lie.
Now you can return to your village exactly.
... It's exactly how you left it!
BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
*demon fades away*